[shopsys] Added possibility to change source that FE API gets data from (#1557)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade/UPGRADE-v9.0.0-dev.md

          
 - There is a new base html layout with horizontal menu and product filter placed in left panel, for detail information see [the separate article](upgrade-instructions-for-base-layout.md)
 
 - add possibility to change place to get data for FE API ([#1557](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1557))

>          - add and change fields in your elasticsearch definition files

Reviewer: big indentation

          
 - There is a new base html layout with horizontal menu and product filter placed in left panel, for detail information see [the separate article](upgrade-instructions-for-base-layout.md)
 
- allow getting data for FE API from Elastic ([#1557](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1557))
    - add and change fields in your elasticsearch definition files
        ```diff
        -   main_variant
        +   is_main_variant
         
        +   "uuid": {
        +      "type": "text"
        +   },
        +   "unit": {
        +      "type": "text"
        +   },
        +   "is_using_stock": {
        +      "type": "boolean"
        +   },
        +   "stock_quantity": {
        +      "type": "boolean"
        +   },
        +   "variants": {
        +       "type": "integer"
        +   },
        +   "main_variant": {
        +      "type": "integer"
        +   }
        ```

>     !!! danger

Reviewer 2: Admonitions (!!! danger) cannot be used in upgrade notes as they're meant to be read on Github and GitHub Markdown don't render them properly

Author: I removed it.

>         Baware that to make this change in production environment you'll need to delete old structure and then create

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Be aware that to make this change in production environment you'll need to delete old structure and then create
```
